 India is not just a home, it's spectacular and amazing in every way possible. But did you know some of these facts that will make you go? And just like our PM Modi had said, Local one man. Let's go local for local. Let's get to know these amazing facts and go, Okal with them wherever we go. Yes, you read that right. Did you know that the Himalayas grow taller by 2 inches every year? And this is no magic of miracle. Rather it involves science. The tectonic plates that created the Himalayas are still shifting thereby making it taller and height. So as the mountain ranges grow high due to the tectonic push, it also falls down under its own weight. This fall allows the Himalayas to grow side-wards too. Now that's some serious science. Did you know that the world's highest post office happens to be in India? Having started off in 1774, this post office is located in the Hikim religious Spithi Valley and is perched at 15,550 feet. Did you know that the number of people traveling daily using the Indian Railways equals the entire population of Australia? And that is almost 23 million people daily. Did you know that in the holy village of Shani Shingnapur in Maharashtra, there are homes with no doors at all? Receiving over 40,000 devotees every single day, there are villages with houses with no doors or locks. They believe that Lord Shani would protect them from an echelamity and they sleep off peacefully with open homes each night. Did you know that the wires that hold the scenic bandra-wally ceiling of Mumbai equal to the earth's circumference? A single steel wire is known to hold 900 tonnes of weight and the entire bridge's weight is equal to the weight of 50,000 African elephants. Wonder how long and what efforts it must have taken them to build this monster? Did you know that the world's most visited place is the golden temple of Punjab? Yes. This holy shrine in Amritsa deceives one lack devotees blocking in each day and has received the world book of record recognition for the same. Did you know a man in Mizogam has the world's biggest family with 181 members? With 39 wives, 94 children, 14 daughters in law and 33 grandchildren, Zionachana lavishly lives in a 100-room mansion in the Patan village of Mizoram. Did you know that there's a village in New Delhi called the Bouncer Village due to its musclemen? And there aren't just a few. 300 musclemen of this village named A Sola Fateh Poojbeiri that are employed in bars and clubs around the capital. Did you know that Isro's mass-opening mission cost lesser than the Hollywood popular science fiction gravity cost? The Oscar Award winner film cost 26 million dollars more than the entire budget of Mangalyan. Did you know the world's only floating post office is in India? No price is for guessing where because the word floating makes it obvious. Yes, the lake in Shrinagar has a floating post office that is purchased on a hard spot and it also houses a little museum inside. Well, the Lyrical phrase Eastia West India is the best totally stands true because did you know when former prime minister Indira Gandhi asked the first Indian and space Raakesh Sharma about how India looked from space his response with a famous patriotic song Sarajehaha Sehachha.